what's up YouTube this is go out to God
and I'm coming at you today with a video
to talk about a run of cards in yukiho
are they good are they bad for the game
and what are my personal thoughts on the
subject now recently news broke that the
new gold series is gonna have crush card
virus within it and it's got doulas
talking about the potential of it coming
off of the band list with the new errata
text that was released over in the ocg
just a little while back so for those of
you guys who do not know the effect of
crush card was changed to tribute one
dark monster with a thousand attack or
less your opponent takes no damage until
the end of the next turn also look at
your opponent's hand and all monsters
they control and if you do destroy the
monsters among them with 1500 attack or
more then your opponent can destroy up
to three monsters with 1500 more attack
in their deck now that is quite a bit
different than the original text then
crush card virus had now Konami did this
as a way to sort of balance out the
effect and not make it so Oh Pete
so crush card can finally come off of
the forbidden list and be allowed to be
used in duels but the biggest question
that most players have is are these
changes really necessary do they help
the game by releasing crush card in a
much more watered down version than what
it originally was a lot of players are
saying that it's sacrilege to change the
effects so much that they don't even
come close to matching with the original
card was capable of doing while others
see it as a great opportunity to once
again play with cards that their
favorite duelists used in the original
anime series for me personally I'm a
little bit on the fence on the subject
on one hand I'm very excited about being
able to use these cards that have been
sitting in my binders collecting dust
for so long but on the other hand the
reason why one might really want to use
that card is because of the original
effect it had so bringing it back with a
much different effect is really like not
getting the card back at all you're
really just giving a different card with
the same name another thing that could
happen if these are rotted card changes
start to become more prevalent and
popular within the game
if the Konami could probably go ahead
and do away with a banned list
altogether if there's a card that
release there's just too powerful too
broken for the game why she cannot
replace any card on the forbidden list
if they can just rerelease it with a
much more toned down version of the
effect to make it a lot more palpable
for the community I've also heard others
advocate towards these errata changes
for hopes that it might allow some other
cards to come off the list that many
duelists are hoping to see returned to
us
cards like Elemental Hero Stratos I've
heard players talk about maybe if his
effect was a Robin to once per turn he
gets to go ahead and search out another
elemental hero instead of whenever he is
summoned Konami might be more willing to
allow the car to return to the game now
while the thought of getting cards like
Stratos back is very tempting others do
point out that there is such a huge
power creep within yugioh that a lot of
the times cards we never thought we'd
see come off of the forbidden list do
eventually make their way back to us
cards like Righetti and snatch steel
coil Guardian uh if you would ask me
maybe a year or two ago if any of these
cards would ever come off the list I
would have had to say no are you crazy
they would kill whatever meta or format
that they're in but somehow with those
cards still at our disposal the game
seems to have gone on just fine so
eventually all the cards should be
returned back to us because of the power
group within the game so down in the
comment section below remember to let me
know your guys's thoughts on this
subject do you think erotic cards are
good for the game of UVO or would you
prefer that those cards stay on the
forbidden list with their original tech
for as long as it took before they were
power creeped out and I guess that's it
for now
this is back to God out